Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Son.
Elliot.
What do I always say?
Pawns can't be kings.
But what can they be?
Free.
That's right.
Free to roam.
No heavy crown weighing us down.
Round three!
Listen.
I have to take a fall
in the third.
Don't worry.
It's gonna look a lot worse
than it really is.
I love you. son.
You never forget that.
Dad?
Dad...
Dad!
I love you. son.
Look this way...
Lean forward.
Stand up!
Jacket.
Your shoes.
Your trousers.
Sample.
Sit down.
Breathe.
DCI Harks. is he here?
Arms.
Where's DCI Harks?
Or. um. Vic... Victoria?
Victoria... Detective Chung?
Is she here? Wait. wait.
Where are we?
His readings are stable.
I'll be back to check on him.
Up!
Who knows he's here?
No one. sir. All yours.
Please confirm your name.
Elliot...
Elliot Carter.
I'm an undercover police
officer with--
Just the questions I ask.
please.
You were present at the
Hotel Reno last night. correct?
Correct.
And you came in contact
with Sean Wallace at what time?
Around... 0400. 4:30.
Between those two times.
And you left the location
at what time?
I don't know.
You don't know?
I didn't stop to check my watch
when your people started
shooting at me.
What were you running from?
I just told you.
No. Elliot.
You didn't.
What department you say
you were with again?
Sean Wallace blew up
a building two days ago.
That's an act of terrorism.
Terrorism?
Mm.
So. I need to know
why you went to meet him
last night.
What's that?
What's in the bags?
Now you are asking
the right questions.
What's going on?
There have been
reports of an explosion
in the city tonight
at the Belvedere Tower.
Emergency services
arrived in record time
just moments after the fire...
As the area was cleared
the extent of the damage
became apparent.
News of the
Belvedere Tower collapse
has overshadowed what should've
been a morning of celebration
for Nasir Afridi and his party.
Here's what the new
Mayor of London had to say.
I come to office in the advent
of a disaster
which has shook London.
Thankfully. the recently
completed Belvedere Tower
had not yet opened
and no lives were lost.
Emergency services have been
working through the night
to eliminate any immediate
danger to our civilians.
And as always. the people of
London have come together...
Thank very much.
Mr Dumani. We'll be in touch.
...in the spirit that
they are known best for.
Mr Afridi. do you
have any more information
about what could cause
a new building to collapse?
For now. I can confirm
a thorough investigation
is underway to determine
the cause of the blast
which took down
Belvedere Tower.
So I ask you all
to remain vigilant
and as your new mayor.
I will do everything in my powe
to protect this city from harm.
His death's on us. Vicky.
Anthony was a good cop.
How do I explain
that to his family?
Tell me. how the fuck
do I explain that. Vicky?
I just. I just need you
to listen to me.
Look. I-I know. I... wait--
I'm going after Elliot.
What?
He can stand trial
with Sean Wallace.
I want you to talk
to Elliot's girlfriend
Shannon Dumani.
Get as much information
from her as you can
before they shut
this thing down.
I'm sorry. Vicky.
I know how much
you've put into it.
Hallowed be Thy name...
Thy kingdom come.
Thy will be done...
on Earth as it is in Heaven.
Give us today our daily bread...
...forever. Amen.
I don't know where Sean is.
Give me time.
I'll get him away from London.
He shot me. Marian.
He could have killed me.
But he didn't.
For Christ's sake. Ed.
We're family.
He took down their building.
They want you
and Sean dead. Marian.
And if I don't deliver that.
Alexander dies.
Tell me where he is
and I'll spare Billy
and Jacqueline.
You've got
our investors' attention.
Good.
Soon they will have
the world's attention.
Every building I take down
will bring more questions.
They want to meet.
Face to face. Make a deal.
Face to face?
Yeah.
OK.
I'll send you my address.
We go together.
OK. brother?
Yeah.
We've unlocked that cop's phone
for you. Mr Wallace.
Come on. come on. come on.
Sean. mate.
Where the fuck are you?
I'm out here by myself.
Look. we're gonna be stronger
if we're together.
But I don't know
where you are. so...
Call me. please.
Fuck. fuck. fuck!
Reno. Reno. Reno...
That's gonna bug me.
In what state is Reno situated?
Nevada.
OK. Let's get back to it.
Why did you run
when the officers arrived
on the scene. Elliot?
For my safety.
Police have the right to shoot
a suspect who runs.
You know that.
So why did you shoot back?
I was confused.
Or maybe you were acting
on an order?
What?
Who gave you
the order to run
when the police entered
the building?
No one.
Mr Duncan.
I don't know what you're--
Answer him.
Answer him!
Come on now.
Who ordered you?
You're pissing me off. Elliot.
No one ordered me!
I don't know
what you're talking about!
Talk to Victoria.
Detective Chung.
She's my handler.
Or Harks. DCI Harks.
talk to Harks!
He'll back me up.
Harks? Ah!
Talk to Harks.
he'll tell you everything!
Harks. yes. your superior.
Harks.
No...
I don't think he will.
We're your only friends now.
Elliot.
You're on your own.
No. no. I didn't do that!
I didn't do that!
I wanna know
about the people
who invest in the Wallaces.
I wanna know if you had
any contact with them.
And I wanna know who the fuck
you are working for now
because it ain't
Her Majesty's police.
Mr Kapadia?
Here's where we're at.
I've been on the phone
to Asia all night
and our clients have been
completely reassured
that their assets are all safe.
When America wakes up.
I'll be on the phone first thing
to New York
and then the West Coast.
You know. our underwriters
have been working overtime.
Look. guys. I am telling you
there is nothing to worry about.
Mr Kapadia.
Your time has run out.
We can help you.
Or you can help yourself.
You're very kind. Minister.
My son is a genuine person.
I'm on my way to see him
and I'll pass that on.
Right. thank you.
Henry. I'll walk the last block.
He won.
Nasir Afridi. He won.
Yes. Actually. Nasir is my son.
Oh. he's such a lovely man.
I just met him
at the victory party.
You must be so proud of him.
I am.
Asif Afridi.
Pleasure to meet you.
And what is your name.
my dear?
Nasir got my vote.
We're all looking forward
to hearing him speak.
Some cupcakes. sir?
Oh. Mr Afridi!
Are you after Nasir?
He took a meeting
with a journalist.
They're upstairs.
Thank you.
♪ Hold on
♪ Ooh...
♪ The only way is up...
Nasir.
Oh. thank God.
I don't know
what I was thinking.
Well?
It's done.
You got what you wanted.
I feel nothing.
Nothing at all.
At least honour his death
with satisfaction.
You are judging me?
Why did you come back here?
I've helped you get Asif.
What do you expect from me?
Nothing. I'm going back
to Kurdistan.
I'm not like you.
I only wanted to hurt one man.
All the other bloodshed's
because of you.
You're prepared to let
your own family die.
That's the reality
of my struggle.
We suffer.
This life is a choice for you.
I didn't choose this.
Every penny I make
goes back to Kurdistan.
I stand for the freedom
of my people.
Who do you stand for now. huh?
Your business is over.
Your family's being
hunted down.
Why are you here?
Fuck you. Sean Wallace.
Please leave
your message after the tone.
Jevan. it's Alex.
I have a solution
to our problem.
I'm on my way over.
It's gonna be OK.
Stand back.
please. sir. Stand back.
Stand back. please. sir!
Stand back.
Did the investors
kill Jevan Kapadia?
I don't know anything
about any investors.
I know you're lying.
Elliot. but that's OK.
We'll get there.
What took you so long
to get to Sean?
Elliot?
Tell me how you found him.
Billy!
His brother Billy!
All outbound boarding gates
are experiencing delays due to
an increased level of security.
Please allow additional time
to reach your boarding gate
and passing additional
security checks
before boarding the plane.
Billy?
Billy. can you hear me?
I can't find Sean.
I'm worried about him.
He's on his own. Billy.
Listen. Bill. you're safe.
I know you are.
but he's not.
Everyone's turned against him.
Everyone wants to hurt him.
Just...
tell me where he is
so he doesn't have to be alone.
Bill?
Billy?
There's an old hotel
by Dagenham Docks.
It got ruined in the '70s.
It's now a club run by Yardies.
They still rent rooms there.
I keep one for when
I need to escape.
If I were Sean.
that's where I'd be.
Room 307. Hotel Reno.
Thank you.
Don't thank me.
Just keep my brother safe.
And if anything happens
to him...
anyone hurts him...
I'll kill you. Elliot.
Ready?
Yeah.
I've got eyes on Elliot Carter.
He's just finished up on a call
and he's heading east
on Markbull Road.
Stay on him.
We're on our way.
Carter's heading east on foot.
With any luck. he'll lead us
to Sean Wallace. Let's go.
Yes. sir.
♪ Abide with me
♪ Fast falls the eventide
How did we get here?
Finn.
♪ ...darkness deepens.
Lord with me...♪
Finn Wallace.
Charmed us all to death.
And you chose him.
♪ When other helpers...
You broke my heart.
I tried.
♪ Help of the helpless
I'm exhausted. Marian.
Exhausted.
Let me get Sean away from here.
I can't.
♪ Swift to its close
♪ Ebbs out life's little day
♪ As joys grow dim
♪ its glories pass away
Ed...
Marian.
♪ Change and decay
♪ in all...
♪ ...around I see
♪ O Thou who changest not
♪ Abide with me
I'm sorry.
♪ I need Thy presence
♪ Every passing hour
♪ What but Thy grace can
♪ Foil the tempter's power?
♪ Who. like Thyself
♪ My guide and stay can be?
♪ Through cloud and sunshine
♪ Lord. abide...
Shannon Dumani?
Yeah?
Can I have a word?
I want to know about
your ex-husband. Steven Young.
What about him?
You say he's in prison. but...
I couldn't find
any of his records.
I did find the missing
person's report
his mother filed in 2016.
People go missing all the time.
Who are you protecting. Shannon?
Your dad?
Your brother?
I know your husband
wasn't good to you--
No. no. You know fuck all.
You've got a good poker face.
Could use someone like you
on the inside.
I need an informant.
You are out of your mind.
And I would hate for
social services to think
that there was anything wrong
with Danny's welfare.
You fucking threaten me again...
I don't give a fuck
how some wife-beater
met his end.
But if leaning on this
gets you on my side
then yeah.
I just want Sean Wallace.
Shannon.
I only told Elliot
he was in prison.
Does he work for you?
Elliot's no longer on the case.
He fucked up too many times.
You'll never see him again.
So he's police?
Was.
Look. I know you're not
like your family.
And I know you just want
to protect Danny. I get it.
But is this really the best life
you want for him?
Think about it.
Come and work for me
and I promise
I will get you both out.
Does anyone else know
that you're here?
Cos if my dad finds out...
No.
It's just between us.
I'm sorry.
I just need a moment...
Come on. Vicky.
Pick up...
Pick up. pick up. pick up.
Hello.
this is Dave's Mechanics.
Please leave a message
and we'll get back to you.
It's me.
Sorry I ignored your calls.
Look...
I've got Sean Wallace's
location.
I'm bringing him in.
This is it.
He's gonna stand trial.
Hotel Reno. Dagenham Docks.
Room 307. that's all I've got.
I'm sorry. Vic.
I'm gonna make sure
this has all been worth it.
And Vic...
Look after yourself. OK?
There's a lot you don't know
about me.
What the fuck...
Mr Carter?
Did the investors get to you
before Reno. Elliot?
No! No. no!
Who are you working for?
What was said?
What did they have you do?
UC Carter is on the move.
Don't let him out of sight.
I'm preparing an SFO unit.
Glad you made it. Elliot.
Come on up. my friend.
Assembling SFO units
outside Hotel Reno. Over.
This is DCI Harks.
We'll wait for Carter
to bring Wallace out
into the open.
Await my instruction.
We can't afford
any more casualties.
♪ Born a king
Yes. I was born a king ♪
♪ There was no initiation
♪ They never swore me in
♪ I hear the calls again
♪ Let the rain
and the storms begin ♪
♪ Just when they thought
it was over ♪
♪ It's like I've been
born again ♪
Where's my money?
Give us our fucking money!
Where did you fucking put it?
Where is it?
Sir. confirming that Carter
has entered the building.
It's a bit crowded in here.
♪ These are the days
that we pray for ♪
♪ And these are the days
that we breathe for ♪
♪ No retreat. no surrender.
just end it...♪
♪ Like whose side are you on?
♪ We've decided to run
to the top ♪
♪ And we ain't gonna stop
till they're gone ♪
♪ Born a king
♪ Yes. I was born a king
♪ There was no initiation
♪ They never swore me in
♪ I hear the calls again
♪ Let the rain
and the storms begin ♪
♪ Just when they thought
it was over ♪
♪ It's like I've been
born again ♪
♪ Born a king. born a king
♪ Born a king. born a king...
I'm here to see Sean.
Who are you?
Elliot.
Arms up.
What?
No weapons in here. mate.
We're a hippie commune.
I'll look after that for ya.
♪ Just when they thought
it was over ♪
♪ Like I was born again...
So you got to Billy?
We were worried about you. mate.
That's very sweet of you.
Elliot.
Belonged to Anthony.
that undercover you went after.
Dead.
Along with Colin apparently.
Had some interesting
messages too.
Messages about you.
And the people you work for.
You fucking snake.
You disgust me.
There's nothing worse
than your kind.
I can think of worse.
I let you into my home.
the day of my dad's funeral.
You snivelled your way
into my family
using some lie
about a dead wife and child.
It's not a lie.
Who are you?
Just police.
No.
You're messed up.
Why do you want
to take me down?
It's not personal.
You're a criminal.
You have to request
to go undercover.
You didn't have a life. did you?
Now you're fucking
a gangster's daughter.
Is that exciting for you?
I don't give a shit
what you think about me.
My whole life I've seen people
like you get away with it.
You think you're special.
Different rules apply.
And you're right.
Most of the time.
This some righteous mission?
Nah.
It's just a mission.
I think you've enjoyed this job.
The man taking down
the Wallaces.
Gave you a purpose.
Otherwise. you're...
just a nobody.
I've got something
very special lined up for you.
Who you working for. Elliot?
Elliot. give me a name. Elliot!
Give me a name. a name.
Elliot.
Elliot. give me a name.
That's enough.
Elliot...
Forensics need a word.
And I need to check his vitals.
Be quick.
He's running out of time.
Elliot. you've done really well.
Now I need you to listen to me
really carefully.
Just remember these words.
Do you understand?
No. no. wait. wait. please...
Thank you.
Hello. Elliot.
Thirsty? Huh?
I need to make a call.
What the fuck
did you just say to me?
If you want me to tell you
about them
I need to speak to my dad.
Whoa. whoa.
I need to say goodbye.
Do not fuck with me. Elliot.
Hm?
No more chances now.
Hello?
Hello. Dad.
Elliot?
Is that you?
Yeah.
Yeah. it's me.
Where have you been?
Dad. listen.
I've been calling and calling.
I've got into a bit
of a scrape. haven't I?
It's gonna look like
I took a fall in the third.
But I'm gonna
take it all the way.
Where are you. son?
You... do you remember
that place
we used to talk
about travelling to?
Yeah. sure.
I know where you mean.
How about you make a head start?
So soon?
Yeah. Yeah.
I'll catch up with you.
Oh. Dad...
You was wrong about one thing.
hm?
Pawns can be kings.
I love you. Dad.
Never forget that.
Oh. I...
I've kept to my word.
Now you keep to yours.
Tell me everything you know
about them.
When I found out
who you were
I wanted to crack
your skull open.
Then I realised.
you might be the only way
for me to get what I want.
My father was hiding cash
for our so-called investors.
Funds meant for hospitals
or schools
in some piss-poor corner
of the world.
Real corruption.
That building I blew up
80% of the capital used
came through tax havens.
All the people involved...
all the companies.
years of information
years of implication.
on there.
Why are you doing this?
Oh. I got it wrong.
I've been punishing
the wrong people.
You want me to go after
the people you work for?
The buildings they own...
there are bodies
in the foundations.
Work with me.
These people will never see
the inside of a prison. Elliot.
They build them.
Now you sound righteous.
I'm on a fucking crusade.
What about Alexander?
He already chose
his side of the fight.
♪ Don't care at all
what the haters say. nah ♪
Stop.
Raise your arms.
♪ You figured it out.
this is a metaphor ♪
♪ My apartment is lookin' just
like a corridor ♪
♪ By the end of the night
I'll need a coroner ♪
I'm asking you to look
beyond the circus.
Take down the real showmen.
Alex Dumani.
Let him in.
Brother.
How are you?
I need to speak to Sean alone.
No. Elliot stays.
OK then.
let's you and me go.
No. We're all staying
right here.
Say what you've gotta say.
I know there's
no investors waiting.
You've fucked it. Sean.
What did you expect
to achieve...
directly attacking
our investors?
The Wallace Organisation
is hanging on by a thread.
They killed Finn.
now Jevan.
You can't win.
What? Is something funny?
Yeah.
You still think
any of this means anything.
Wake up.
Think about what we built.
It's all sand and lies.
And billions of fucking pounds!
Which we could have lived on!
Spent. Invested.
Done whatever the fuck
we wanted!
You know people kill for this.
My father must have
recognised himself in you.
Your filthy greed.
Fuck you.
If you want to take his place
you're gonna need to be good
at more than just numbers.
If you do this. Alex...
you'll never come back from it.
I promise you.
No one else knows you like I do.
The shit we've survived.
There's no one
on the planet like us.
No.
No one.
It's too late. Sean.
If you kill me. Alex...
you'll be alone.
You know that. don't you?
You think you can do it?
You're not an evil bastard
like your dad.
Shut up.
How many has he killed?
Fucking gravedigger.
We're nothing like
our fathers. Alex.
It doesn't fucking matter now.
does it?
Cos I don't have a choice.
Yes...
You do.
You took it away from me.
No. you have a choice.
You're the smartest person
in the room.
Cleverest man I know.
We can work this out. Alex.
It's me and you.
Think about it.
I mean...
Really think about it.
I have thought about it.
I fucking love you. Alex.
Shut the fuck up!
Shut up!
We started together.
We can fucking take them
down together.
Me...
and you.
It's alright. It's alright.
No!
Shots fired! Shot fired!
Go. go. go. go. go!
Mr Carter...
Sean Wallace must never
stand trial.
Alex Dumani must remain in play
That is non-negotiable.
Charlie Bravo. six. two.
what's your ETA on arrival?
Who are you people?
Go. go. go. go. go!
Fuck.
Cover your mouth.
Alex. cover your mouth!
Cover your mouth!
Here. here!
We've gotta go. we've gotta go!
Come on!
Sean...
Come on. come on!
No! Sean!
Move! Let's go. let's go!
Ready?
Yeah! Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Oh. fuck!
Get the fuck out the way!
Elliot! It's over!
Get out the way!
Move out the way!
Move. move!
Everybody on the ground!
Get on the ground! Face down!
We're looking for
Sean Wallace and Elliot Carter.
No. no. no. wait.
Stay down. stay down!
Elliot Carter!
Sean Wallace!
Get the fuck off!
Now. go. go. go!
Elliot!
Go! Go. go. go!
Elliot. stand down!
Get out the way!
Get down!
Go. go. go!
Move!
Elliot!
Alex!
Stand down!
Here. Alex. help me!
Go. go. go!
Go on. go. go!
Get the fuck out of here. Go!
Who the fuck are you?
Just go. go. go!
Fuck!
Through the gate.
go. go. fucking go!
I'm unarmed. I am unarmed!
I'm unarmed. I'm unarmed!
I'm unarmed. I'm unarmed.
I'm unarmed.
I am. I am! Sorry. I am! I am!
I am. I am!
Do you understand what we are
asking of you. Mr Carter?
We know you've lost
loved ones before.
You have a chance
to save their lives.
Sean Wallace is dead.
I repeat. Sean Wallace is dead.
The people who wanted
Sean Wallace dead.
Tell me how to find them.
Elliot.
You've only just brushed up
against them.
I've been on this for years.
Help me.
And what about me?
You can be whoever
you want to be.
You can go wherever
you want to go.
We're offering a life
few get to live.
Trust us.
The people I work for...
sent you a message.
OK.
I am protected
under diplomatic immunity...
by the Republic of Panama.
He's saying he's working
with them.
Panama.
What now?
Hm?
Fuck!
You have just bought your way
into a very dangerous world...
friend.
Shit.
Well done. Elliot.
We'll be in touch.
Marian.
I'm going to help you.
♪ Walk out the door with her
♪ He could see everyone
dressed in black ♪
♪ A class that seem too far.
too fetched ♪
♪ She said look at you.
look at you ♪
♪ The game is over
♪ Your cup is full.
your cup is full ♪
♪ Stop praying
for more exposure ♪
♪ It is obvious
that you are trying ♪
♪ Dubious.
stop or you die here ♪
♪ You're pretending
but no one is buying ♪
♪ London. London. London.
is calling you ♪
♪ What are you waiting for?
What are you searching for? ♪
♪ I might. I might. I might
♪ Be boring you. he said
♪ Although it's not clear
♪ As the morning dew
♪ Though my preferred ways
are not happening ♪
♪ I won't underestimate
♪ Who I am capable
of becoming ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm